“I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.”― Marilyn Monroe
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”― Oscar Wilde
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.”― Albert Einstein
“So many books, so little time.”― Frank Zappa
“Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.”― Bernard M. Baruch
“A room without books is like a body without a soul.”― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching,Love like you'll never be hurt,
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”― Dr. Seuss
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”― Mae West
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.”― Mahatma Gandhi
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.”― Robert Frost
“If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.”― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
“Don’t walk in front of me… I may not followDon’t walk behind me… I may not lead
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”― Eleanor Roosevelt, This is My Story
“If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.”― Mark Twain
“Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another "What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . .”― C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves
“I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.”― Maya Angelou
“A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.”― Elbert Hubbard
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.”― Oscar Wilde
“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.”― Oscar Wilde
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.”― Mahatma Gandhi
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.”― Martin Luther King Jr., A Testament of Hope: The Essential Writings and Speeches
“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.”― Oscar Wilde, The Happy Prince and Other Stories
“Without music, life would be a mistake.”― Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols
“We accept the love we think we deserve.”― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.”― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can't do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.”― Rob Siltanen
“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.”― Narcotics Anonymous
“I believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.”― Marilyn Monroe
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.”― H. Jackson Brown Jr., P.S. I Love You
"When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps."-Confucius 
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step."-Lao Tzu 
"In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks."-John Muir 
"For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone."-Audrey Hepburn 
"If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there."-Lewis Carroll 
"Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise."-Sigmund Freud 
"Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men."-Confucius 
"When in doubt, don't."-Benjamin Franklin 
"Wisdom begins in wonder."-Socrates 
"True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing."-Socrates 
"When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity."-John F. Kennedy 
"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake."-Napoleon Bonaparte 
"Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity."-George S. Patton 
"Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful."-John Wooden 
"Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you."-John Wooden 
"If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it."-Michael Jordan 
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails."-William Arthur Ward 
"Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity."-Calvin Coolidge 
"Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable."-Franz Kafka 
"We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far."-Swami Vivekananda 
"It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life."-Elizabeth Kenny 
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one."-Albert Einstein 
"In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present."-Lao Tzu 
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing."-Socrates 
"True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us."-Socrates 
"The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends."-Friedrich Nietzsche 
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop."-Confucius 
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started."-Mark Twain 
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence."-Helen Keller 
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts."-Eleanor Roosevelt 
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible."-Dalai Lama 
"Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious."-Stephen Hawking 
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best."-St. Jerome 
"The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence."-Confucius 
"Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory."-George S. Patton 
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do."-Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
"It always seems impossible until it's done."-Nelson Mandela 
"Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step."-Lao Tzu 
"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week."-George S. Patton 
"If you're going through hell, keep going."-Winston Churchill 
"Well done is better than well said."-Benjamin Franklin 
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground."-Theodore Roosevelt 
"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on."-Franklin D. Roosevelt 
"There's a way to do it better - find it."-Thomas A. Edison 
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much."-Jim Rohn 
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it."-Charles R. Swindoll 
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible."-Tony Robbins 
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough."-Og Mandino 
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit."-Aristotle 
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice."-Wayne Dyer 
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do."-Henry Ford 
"If you can dream it, you can do it."-Walt Disney 
"What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you."-Ralph Waldo Emerson 
"We know what we are, but know not what we may be."-William Shakespeare 
"Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible."-Francis of Assisi 
"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style."-Maya Angelou 
"Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared."-Buddha 
"Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy."-Lao Tzu 
"I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'"-Muhammad Ali 
"Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world."-Desmond Tutu 
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud."-Maya Angelou 
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart."-Helen Keller 
"The power of imagination makes us infinite."-John Muir 
"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have."-Vince Lombardi 
"Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence."-Vince Lombardi 
"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world."-Anne Frank 
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light."-Aristotle 
"A single sunbeam is enough to drive away many shadows."-Francis of Assisi 
"A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself."-Joseph Campbell 
"We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us."-Joseph Campbell 
"Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!"-Anne Frank 
"If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants."-Isaac Newton 
"It is never too late to be what you might have been."-George Eliot 
"There is nothing impossible to him who will try."-Alexander the Great 
"Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start."-Nido Qubein 
"If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away."-Henry David Thoreau 
"We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone."-Ronald Reagan 
"You must do the things you think you cannot do."-Eleanor Roosevelt 
"The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do."-Kobe Bryant 
"Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow."-Helen Keller 
"Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose."-Lyndon B. Johnson 
"A good laugh is sunshine in the house."-William Makepeace Thackeray 
"Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will."-Zig Ziglar 
"If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. I'm positive that a doer makes mistakes."-John Wooden 
"I often think that the night is more alive and more richly colored than the day."-Vincent Van Gogh 
"Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation."-Michael Jordan 
"The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun."-Christopher McCandless 
"Every positive value has its price in negative terms... the genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima."-Pablo Picasso 
"Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results."-Willie Nelson 
"The person who can bring the spirit of laughter into a room is indeed blessed."-Bennett Cerf 
"The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge."-Albert Einstein 
"I've always believed that you can think positive just as well as you can think negative."-James Baldwin 
"Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be."-Ralph Waldo Emerson 
"You are the sum total of everything you've ever seen, heard, eaten, smelled, been told, forgot - it's all there. Everything influences each of us, and because of that I try to make sure that my experiences are positive."-Maya Angelou 
"Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity."-Khalil Gibran 
"In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision."-Dalai Lama 
"I feel that sin and evil are the negative part of you, and I think it's like a battery: you've got to have the negative and the positive in order to be a complete person."-Dolly Parton 
"Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you."-Les Brown 
"Correction does much, but encouragement does more."-Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
"Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain."-Joseph Campbell 
"My dear friend, clear your mind of cant."-Samuel Johnson 
"I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter."-Walt Disney 
"People deal too much with the negative, with what is wrong. Why not try and see positive things, to just touch those things and make them bloom?"-Thich Nhat Hanh 
"When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It's very simple."-Paulo Coelho 
"Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life."-Mark Twain 
"Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less."-Marie Curie 
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated."-Confucius 
"I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived."-Henry David Thoreau 
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'"-Martin Luther King, Jr. 
"We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us."-E. M. Forster 
"The quality, not the longevity, of one's life is what is important."-Martin Luther King, Jr. 
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment."-Buddha 
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith."-Steve Jobs 
"Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don't resist them - that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like."-Lao Tzu 
"He who has a why to live can bear almost any how."-Friedrich Nietzsche 
"Open your eyes, look within. Are you satisfied with the life you're living?"-Bob Marley 
"You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life."-Albert Camus 
"All of life is peaks and valleys. Don't let the peaks get too high and the valleys too low."-John Wooden 
"We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from life."-William Osler 
"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first."-Mark Twain 
"Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen."-Mark Twain 
"The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind."-Albert Einstein 
"Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile."-Albert Einstein 
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life."-Winston Churchill 
"Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about."-Oscar Wilde 
"Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life."-Oscar Wilde 
"Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued."-Socrates 
"Everything in life is luck."-Donald Trump 
"To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance."-Buddha 
"It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project."-Napoleon Hill 
"Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around."-Leo Buscaglia 
"We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do."-Mother Teresa 
"But God can only smile because only God can know what is coming next."-Desmond Tutu 
"Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles."-George Eliot 
"What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable."-Joseph Addison 
"A smile abroad is often a scowl at home."-Alfred Lord Tennyson 
"A smile is the chosen vehicle of all ambiguities."-Herman Melville 
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened."-Dr. Seuss 
"Jesus wept; Voltaire smiled. From that divine tear and from that human smile is derived the grace of present civilization."-Victor Hugo 
"The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection."-Thomas Paine 
"Look back, and smile on perils past."-Walter Scott 
"A warm smile is the universal language of kindness."-William Arthur Ward 
"They might not need me; but they might. I'll let my head be just in sight; a smile as small as mine might be precisely their necessity."-Emily Dickinson 
"Be thou the rainbow in the storms of life. The evening beam that smiles the clouds away, and tints tomorrow with prophetic ray."-Lord Byron 
"Laughter is day, and sobriety is night; a smile is the twilight that hovers gently between both, more bewitching than either."-Henry Ward Beecher 
"If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it."-Andy Rooney 
"A smile is a curve that sets everything straight."-Phyllis Diller 
"A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside."-Denis Waitley 
"Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts."-Paramahansa Yogananda 
"The happiness of life is made up of minute fractions - the little, soon forgotten charities of a kiss or a smile, a kind look or heartfelt compliment."-Samuel Taylor Coleridge 
"A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles."-William Hazlitt 
"Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them."-Andre Maurois 
"I've always spent more time with a smile on my face than not, but the thing is, I don't write about it."-Robert Smith 
"A kind heart is a fountain of gladness, making everything in its vicinity freshen into smiles."-Washington Irving 
"Smile, it's free therapy."-Douglas Horton 
"A smile is happiness you'll find right under your nose."-Tom Wilson 
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts."-Winston Churchill 
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value."-Albert Einstein 
"If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded."-Maya Angelou 
"The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.'"-Maria Montessori 
"However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at."-Stephen Hawking 
"All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure."-Mark Twain 
"The starting point of all achievement is desire."-Napoleon Hill 
"Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another."-Napoleon Hill 
"Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose."-Bill Gates 
"A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds."-Mark Twain 
"It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary."-Winston Churchill 
"Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result."-Oscar Wilde 
"The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people."-Theodore Roosevelt 
"The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand."-Vince Lombardi 
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will."-Vince Lombardi 
"Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it."-Bruce Lee 
"Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility."-Saint Augustine 
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom."-George S. Patton 
"Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort."-Franklin D. Roosevelt 
"Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming."-John Wooden 
"Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming."-John Wooden 
"I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed."-Michael Jordan 
"The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way."-Dale Carnegie 
"Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed."-Emily Dickinson 
"Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome."-Booker T. Washington 
"Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success."-Swami Vivekananda 
"My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time."-Steve Jobs 
"You may delay, but time will not."-Benjamin Franklin 
"All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances; and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages."-William Shakespeare 
"Time is money."-Benjamin Franklin 
"Lost time is never found again."-Benjamin Franklin 
"Time is a sort of river of passing events, and strong is its current; no sooner is a thing brought to sight than it is swept by and another takes its place, and this too will be swept away."-Marcus Aurelius 
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right."-Napoleon Hill 
"Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them."-Henry Ford 
"If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done."-Bruce Lee 
"Time abides long enough for those who make use of it."-Leonardo da Vinci 
"The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time."-Bertrand Russell 
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?"-John Wooden 
"Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use."-Earl Nightingale 
"Nobody sees a flower really; it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time."-Georgia O'Keeffe 
"Lost - yesterday, somewhere between sunrise and sunset, two golden hours, each set with sixty diamond minutes. No reward is offered, for they are gone forever."-Horace Mann 
"No matter how busy you are, you must take time to make the other person feel important."-Mary Kay Ash 
"Time makes heroes but dissolves celebrities."-Daniel J. Boorstin 
"So during those first moments of the day, which are yours and yours alone, you can circumvent these boundaries and concentrate fully on spiritual matters. And this gives you the opportunity to plan the time management of the entire day."-Menachem Mendel Schneerson 
"I have just got a new theory of eternity."-Albert Einstein 
"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once."-Albert Einstein 
"You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time."-Abraham Lincoln 
"Like as the waves make towards the pebbl'd shore, so do our minutes, hasten to their end."-William Shakespeare 
"Better three hours too soon than a minute too late."-William Shakespeare 
"We are time's subjects, and time bids be gone."-William Shakespeare 
"Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in."-Henry David Thoreau 
"We must use time creatively."-Martin Luther King, Jr. 
"We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world."-Helen Keller 
"Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance."-Samuel Johnson 
"Genius is eternal patience."-Michelangelo 
"Not only will this make you treat each moment more preciously, but you will be more patient with yourself and with others, recognizing that there are millions of moments on the path to any worthwhile achievement."-Menachem Mendel Schneerson 
"How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees?"-William Shakespeare 
"Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity."-Carl Jung 
"Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success."-Napoleon Hill 
"I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience and to respect the fury of nature."-Paulo Coelho 
"It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience."-Julius Caesar 
"I believe that a trusting attitude and a patient attitude go hand in hand. You see, when you let go and learn to trust God, it releases joy in your life. And when you trust God, you're able to be more patient. Patience is not just about waiting for something... it's about how you wait, or your attitude while waiting."-Joyce Meyer 
"Have patience with all things, But, first of all with yourself."-Saint Francis de Sales 
"How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success."-Elbert Hubbard 
"Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet."-Jean-Jacques Rousseau 
"Come what may, all bad fortune is to be conquered by endurance."-Virgil 
"There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient."-Swami Sivananda 
"He that can have patience can have what he will."-Benjamin Franklin 
"No, I will be the pattern of all patience; I will say nothing."-William Shakespeare 
"Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown."-Soren Kierkegaard 
"Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character."-Heraclitus 
"Who ever is out of patience is out of possession of their soul."-Francis Bacon 
"I'm patient."-Michael Jordan 
"Our patience will achieve more than our force."-Edmund Burke 
"Heaven grant us patience with a man in love."-Rudyard Kipling 
"If I have done the public any service, it is due to my patient thought."-Isaac Newton 
"To bear with patience wrongs done to oneself is a mark of perfection, but to bear with patience wrongs done to someone else is a mark of imperfection and even of actual sin."-Thomas Aquinas 
"Endurance is the crowning quality, And patience all the passion of great hearts."-James Russell Lowell 
"You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.'"-Eleanor Roosevelt 
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition."-Steve Jobs 
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen."-Winston Churchill 
"Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go."-T. S. Eliot 
"He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life."-Muhammad Ali 
"One isn't necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential. Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can't be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest."-Maya Angelou 
"Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye."-Helen Keller 
"What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?"-Vincent Van Gogh 
"Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy."-Dale Carnegie 
"The secret to happiness is freedom... And the secret to freedom is courage."-Thucydides 
"To see the right and not to do it is cowardice."-Confucius 
"Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage."-Maya Angelou 
"You will never do anything in this world without courage. It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor."-Aristotle 
"Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts."-John Wooden 
"Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better."-Harry S Truman 
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends."-J. K. Rowling 
"Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway."-John Wayne 
"To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage."-Georgia O'Keeffe 
"We have a powerful potential in out youth, and we must have the courage to change old ideas and practices so that we may direct their power toward good ends."-Mary McLeod Bethune 
"The opposite for courage is not cowardice, it is conformity. Even a dead fish can go with the flow."-Jim Hightower 
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear."-Mark Twain 
"A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before."-Ralph Waldo Emerson 
"Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage."-Confucius 
"How few there are who have courage enough to own their faults, or resolution enough to mend them."-Benjamin Franklin 
"Boldness be my friend."-William Shakespeare 
"Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?"-William Shakespeare 
"When anger rises, think of the consequences."-Confucius 
"There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot."-Plato 
"For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind."-Ralph Waldo Emerson 
"Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy."-Aristotle 
"Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured."-Mark Twain 
"Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools."-Albert Einstein 
"How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it."-Marcus Aurelius 
"Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned."-Buddha 
"Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love."-George Eliot 
"Get mad, then get over it."-Colin Powell 
"When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear."-Mark Twain 
"Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame."-Benjamin Franklin 
"Anger is never without a reason, but seldom with a good one."-Benjamin Franklin 
"Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean."-Maya Angelou 
"Anger cannot be dishonest."-Marcus Aurelius 
"Anger and intolerance are the enemies of correct understanding."-Mahatma Gandhi 
"When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred."-Thomas Jefferson 
"In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves."-Buddha 
"You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger."-Buddha 
"It is impossible for you to be angry and laugh at the same time. Anger and laughter are mutually exclusive and you have the power to choose either."-Wayne Dyer 
"There's nothing wrong with anger provided you use it constructively."-Wayne Dyer 
"A man who has not passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them."-Carl Jung 
"Hatred is inveterate anger."-Marcus Tullius Cicero 
"If you get down and quarell everyday, you're saying prayers to the devil, I say."-Bob Marley 
"People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining."-Stephen Hawking 
"A man that studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green."-Francis Bacon 
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them."-Walt Disney 
"A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world."-Oscar Wilde 
"Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before."-Edgar Allan Poe 
"You have to dream before your dreams can come true."-A. P. J. Abdul Kalam 
"If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours."-Henry David Thoreau 
"Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake?"-Leonardo da Vinci 
"Tread softly because you tread on my dreams."-William Butler Yeats 
"But I, being poor, have only my dreams; I have spread my dreams under your feet; Tread softly because you tread on my dreams."-William Butler Yeats 
"It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else."-Erma Bombeck 
"Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning."-Gloria Steinem 
"We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort."-Jesse Owens 
"The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers. But above all, the world needs dreamers who do."-Sarah Ban Breathnach 
"Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams."-Ralph Waldo Emerson 
"Dreams are the touchstones of our character."-Henry David Thoreau 
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."-Eleanor Roosevelt 
"Youth is a wonderful thing. What a crime to waste it on children."-George Bernard Shaw 
"The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold."-Khalil Gibran 
"Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream."-Khalil Gibran 
"I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?"-Ernest Hemingway 
"Dream in a pragmatic way."-Aldous Huxley 
"Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes."-Carl Jung 
"Sleep is the best meditation."-Dalai Lama 
"Dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams?"-Alfred Lord Tennyson 
"I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later."-Mitch Hedberg 
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams."-Les Brown 
"Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men."-Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
"Humor is mankind's greatest blessing."-Mark Twain 
"The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven."-Mark Twain 
"Humor is reason gone mad."-Groucho Marx 
"From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere."-Dr. Seuss 
"I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person."-Audrey Hepburn 
"Humor is laughing at what you haven't got when you ought to have it."-Langston Hughes 
"Nothing like a little judicious levity."-Robert Louis Stevenson 
"A day without laughter is a day wasted."-Charlie Chaplin 
"The most wasted of all days is one without laughter."-e. e. cummings 
"Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he isn't. A sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is."-Horace Walpole 
"Everything human is pathetic. The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven."-Mark Twain 
"The secret to humor is surprise."-Aristotle 
"If I had no sense of humor, I would long ago have committed suicide."-Mahatma Gandhi 
"Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else."-Will Rogers 
"Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time."-Steven Wright 
"Humor is the most engaging cowardice."-Robert Frost 
"The problem with having a sense of humor is often that people you use it on aren't in a very good mood."-Lou Holtz 
"Start every day off with a smile and get it over with."-W. C. Fields 
"Imagination was given to man to compensate him for what he is not; a sense of humor to console him for what he is."-Francis Bacon 
"A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life."-William Arthur Ward 
"Different taste in jokes is a great strain on the affections."-George Eliot 
"Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you."-Langston Hughes 
"When humor goes, there goes civilization."-Erma Bombeck 
"There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt."-Erma Bombeck 
"Wit is the lowest form of humor."-Alexander Pope 
"Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue."-Virginia Woolf 
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature."-Marcus Aurelius 
"Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go."-Oscar Wilde 
"Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be."-Abraham Lincoln 
"Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony."-Mahatma Gandhi 
"If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion."-Dalai Lama 
"Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life."-Omar Khayyam 
"Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits."-Thomas Jefferson 
"Joy is prayer; joy is strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls."-Mother Teresa 
"The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it."-Johann Wolfgang von Goethe 
"Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it."-Alexandre Dumas 
"Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it."-Bernard Meltzer 
"Happiness is a virtue, not its reward."-Baruch Spinoza 
"Happiness seems made to be shared."-Pierre Corneille 
"There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved."-George Sand 
"To attain happiness in another world we need only to believe something, while to secure it in this world we must do something."-Charlotte Perkins Gilman 
"Joy, rather than happiness, is the goal of life, for joy is the emotion which accompanies our fulfilling our natures as human beings. It is based on the experience of one's identity as a being of worth and dignity."-Rollo May 
"There are people who can do all fine and heroic things but one - keep from telling their happiness to the unhappy."-Mark Twain 
"A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy?"-Albert Einstein 
"The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself."-Benjamin Franklin 
"The U. S. Constitution doesn't guarantee happiness, only the pursuit of it. You have to catch up with it yourself."-Benjamin Franklin 
"Happiness depends upon ourselves."-Aristotle 
"Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content."-Helen Keller 
"True happiness... is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose."-Helen Keller 
"Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product."-Eleanor Roosevelt 
"I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it."-Groucho Marx 
"Happiness is not being pained in body or troubled in mind."-Thomas Jefferson 
"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth."-Buddha 
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything."-Mark Twain 
"I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts."-Abraham Lincoln 
"All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them."-Galileo Galilei 
"All credibility, all good conscience, all evidence of truth come only from the senses."-Friedrich Nietzsche 
"The truth is of course is that there is no journey. We are arriving and departing all at the same time."-David Bowie 
"The truth is rarely pure and never simple."-Oscar Wilde 
"Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth."-Oscar Wilde 
"There are no facts, only interpretations."-Friedrich Nietzsche 
"On the mountains of truth you can never climb in vain: either you will reach a point higher up today, or you will be training your powers so that you will be able to climb higher tomorrow."-Friedrich Nietzsche 
"If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things."-Rene Descartes 
"Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away."-Elvis Presley 
"The earth is supported by the power of truth; it is the power of truth that makes the sun shine and the winds blow; indeed all things rest upon truth."-Chanakya 
"We are either in the process of resisting God's truth or in the process of being shaped and molded by his truth."-Charles Stanley 
"When in doubt tell the truth."-Mark Twain 
"Truth is the most valuable thing we have. Let us economize it."-Mark Twain 
"Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; Truth isn't."-Mark Twain 
"It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense."-Mark Twain 
"If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor."-Albert Einstein 
"In matters of truth and justice, there is no difference between large and small problems, for issues concerning the treatment of people are all the same."-Albert Einstein 
"Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either."-Albert Einstein 
"A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on."-Winston Churchill 
"The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is."-Winston Churchill 
"Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies."-Ralph Waldo Emerson 
"The object of the superior man is truth."-Confucius 
"There is another old poet whose name I do not now remember who said, 'Truth is the daughter of Time.'"-Abraham Lincoln 
